Fix inaccuracies in extension CSP documentation (#20437)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/content_security_policy/index.md

---
{{AddonSidebar}}

> Extensions developed with WebExtension APIs have a Content Security Policy (CSP) applied to them by default. This restricts the sources from which they can load code (such as [\<script>](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script)), and disallows potentially unsafe practices such as the use of [`eval()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval). This article explains briefly what a CSP is, what the default policy is and what it means for an extension, and how an extension can change the default CSP.

Reviewer: The parentheses seem unnecessary - other edits are incidental
```suggestion
Extensions developed with WebExtension APIs have a Content Security Policy (CSP) applied to them by default. This restricts the sources from which they can load code such as [\<script>](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script) and disallows potentially unsafe practices such as using [`eval()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/eval). This article briefly explains what a CSP is, what the default policy is and what it means for an extension, and how an extension can change the default CSP.
```

### Location of script and object resources

> Under the default CSP you may only load code that is local to the extension. The CSP limits {{CSP("script-src")}} to secure sources only, which covers [\<script>](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script) resources, [ES6 modules](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules) and [web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers). In browsers that support obsolete [plugins](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Plugin), the {{CSP("object-src")}} directive is also restricted ([more information](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/204)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the default CSP, you can only load code that is local to the extension. The CSP limits {{CSP("script-src")}} to secure sources only, which covers [\<script>](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script) resources, [ES6 modules](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules), and [web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers). In browsers that support obsolete [plugins](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Plugin), the {{CSP("object-src")}} directive is also restricted, for more information see the W3C Web Extensions issue [Remove object-src from the CSP (at least in MV3)](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/204)).
```
